# JavaScript Challenges

## Largest Paliandrome Product

A palindromic number reads the same both ways.

The **first argument and only argument** sets the requirement for the **total digits** in a factor.
	
	```
    10 is a two-digit number
    1996 is a four-digit number
	```

1. Find the largest palindrome made from the product of 2 two-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.
1. Find the largest palindrome made from the product of 2 three-digit numbers. Write two tests that check the return object for the correct factor values.

Do your work in the `largestPaliandromeProduct.js` file.


## Even Fibonacci Numbers

Each new number in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two Fibonacci numbers. For example by starting with the numbers `1` and `2` being the first and second numbers in the Fibonacci sequence, the first 10 numbers in the Fibonacci sequence looks like this:

```
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89
```

**The Exercise**
You will be given a stub function in the file `evenFibNums.js`. This function accepts one argument, `maxFibValue` which is a `Number`.

Remember, `maxFibValue` is the **max** value of a fibonacci number, it is **NOT** the **Nth** fibonacci number in the sequence.

You goal will be to sum up all the **Even Numbers** that are less than or equal to, but does not exceed, the `maxFibValue` given to you.


## Largest Prime Factor

The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.

What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?

Do your work in the `largestPrimeFactor.js` file.


## Getting Started
1. Fork this repository and clone it from your personal GitHub Account
1. In the Terminal, navigate to the newly created folder for this repository
1. Install dependencies by running the command: `npm install`
1. Run tests by running the command: `npm test`
1. Your work will be one in the files named: `evenFibNums.js`, `evenFibNums.js`, `largestPrimeFactor.js`
1. Make your tests pass!

### _From Project Euler Problem 3_ and _DevLeague_
